README.md, before:

# FizzBuzz_Art
A repository for "artistic" and interesting solutions to fizzbuzz.  

## Why does this exist?
This repo is an exercise in writing and reading code that isn't developed for readability, speed, or utility. They are just solutions to fizzbuzz in many weird ways for their own sake. Its programming for fun just to see what kind of strange things you can make perform the same output.

## Rules
A short list of self-explanitory rules for pull requests.
1. Solutions must print the numbers 1 to 100, except if a number is a multiple of 3, it is replaced with 'fizz', if a number if a multiple of 5, it is replaced with 'buzz', and if a number is a multiple of 3 and 5 it is replaced with 'fizzbuzz'.
2. Files cannot be longer than 300 lines.
3. Lines cannot exceed column 300.
4. Solutions cannot reference outside files or import anything not in standard libraries.
5. Solutions must be verifiably correct.
6. Solutions must terminate in finite time. 

## Suggestions
These are not strictly enforced, but are highly encouraged.  
1. Its best to put a comment at the top of the file giving a brief explaination of their solution.
2. A file's name should reflect the unique spin on the solution that is contained in it.

Commit message:

New rule: no rules (kinda)

README.md, after:

# FizzBuzz_Art
A repository for "artistic" and interesting solutions to fizzbuzz.  

## Why does this exist?
This repo is an exercise in writing and reading code that isn't developed for readability, speed, or utility. They are just solutions to fizzbuzz in many weird ways for their own sake. Its programming for fun just to see what kind of strange things you can make perform the same output.

## Rules
A short list of self-explanitory rules for pull requests.
1. Solutions must print the numbers 1 to 100, except if a number is a multiple of 3, it is replaced with 'fizz', if a number if a multiple of 5, it is replaced with 'buzz', and if a number is a multiple of 3 and 5 it is replaced with 'fizzbuzz'.
2. Files cannot be longer than 300 lines.
3. Lines cannot exceed column 300.
4. Solutions cannot reference outside files or import anything not in standard libraries.
5. Solutions must be verifiably correct.
6. Solutions must terminate in finite time. 
7. Any and all of these rules can be violated if the solution is cool enough.

## Suggestions
These are not strictly enforced, but are highly encouraged.  
1. Its best to put a comment at the top of the file giving a brief explaination of their solution.
2. A file's name should reflect the unique spin on the solution that is contained in it.
